BeanShell Software License
(per http://www.beanshell.org/license.html)


BeanShell is a free software project. It's continued development depends on
the interest and support of users and developers like you. The source code is
available for you to use and extend or integrate into your software freely
under either the terms of the Sun Public License or the GNU Lesser Public
License (see below).

The "cost" of this software is simply to let us know how you are using
BeanShell. You can do this by filling out the BeanShell User Info Form. Please
feel free to wait until you have started using BeanShell to do this.

Dual Licensing: Sun Public License / Gnu Lesser Public License


BeanShell is dual licensed under both the SPL and LGPL. You may use and
develop BeanShell under either license.

Please see the Sun Public License for details.
(http://www.opensource.org/licenses/sunpublic.php)


About the LGPL

Note: the LGPL has become the "Lesser Gnu Public License" and BeanShell has
adopted the new version...

A quick note about the LGPL:

The LGPL is less restrictive than the ordinary GNU Public License in that it
does not force you to distribute your own applications under the terms of the
GPL. It primarily requires that you include a notice that you are using the
software in your documentation and provide access to the original source code.
It also essentially requires that if you modify or extend BeanShell itself
that you make those changes available separately, under the terms of either
the LGPL or the GPL. I would ask that you accomodate this by simply sending me
your bug fixes and improvement to allow me to incorporate them into the
general BeanShell release. Please see the LGPL for the details.

If you have a more precise, brief explanation please let me know!
Thanks! - Pat

Please also feel free to contact me: (Pat Niemeyer pat@pat.net) about other
licensing arrangements.
